# GroceryInventoryTracker
This program uses a text file and user input to display the amount of items purchased within a day at a grocery store.


I chose to submit the grocery sales tracker, this program displays a menu and executes one of the options of displaying number sold of an item that the user enters, or displays the amount of each item sold either in text format or histogram format. The program pulls from a text file for the information it is basing inventory data on. Overall, it was intuitive to use vectors to take in data when comparing a list of repeated items and transferring it to a list of those same items not repeated to be able to display each item individually rather than having repeated words of the same item. I think to enhance the code I could cut down the repetitiveness of the functions for displaying the text based inventory sold and the histogram of inventory sold. I could have merged them into one function and then made a seperate function to output the histogram rather than having a lot of repeated code within each function. I could have also made a function for the opening of the text file rather than repeating it in each function as well. Overall, both of these changes would improve the conciseness of my code and enable easier edits overtime when having to just fix one thing rather than each place it is repeated in currently.  

The most challenging aspect of the code was working through comparing both of the vectors. It took me some time to figure out the nested for loops to be able to compare each item in each vector but after I understood the nested for loops the rest of the program was very manageable. The use of vectors and my comfort level with using them improved which will help me in the future when coding other programs and being able to manipulate things using vectors. This program has lots of comments and that helps with the readability as well as a header file, cpp file and a main which makes things more maintainable as well as easier to understand.  
